Go all in pyproject.toml and poetry (#43)
pytest-dev/pytest-metadata: development.rst

Automated Testing
-----------------

> All pull requests and merges are tested in `GitHub Actions <https://travis-ci.org/>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All pull requests and merges are tested in `GitHub Actions <https://docs.github.com/en/actions>`_
```
